Spark/Scala: Load Spark data frame into CrateDB using Scala and HTTP (#520)
crate/cratedb-examples: by-language/scala-spark-http/README.md

> # Scala example loading data from Spark to CrateDB via http

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Load Spark data frame into CrateDB using Scala and HTTP
```

> This example aims to demonstrate how a Spark data frame can be loaded into CrateDB using the CrateDB http endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example aims to demonstrate how a Spark data frame can be loaded into CrateDB using the CrateDB HTTP endpoint.
```

It assumes there is a CrateDB instance running on localhost accepting connections with the default `crate` superuser, and it relies on the following table being created:

.. code-block:: sql

    CREATE TABLE myschema.mytable (
        examplefield1   TIMESTAMP,
        anotherfield    geo_point,
        jsonpayload     OBJECT
    );

> In environments with very high volumes of data you may want to consider replacing scalaj.http with async calls with `akka.http` or `AsyncHttpClient`.

Reviewer: I would not necessarily connect "high volumes of data" with async/non-blocking i/o matters. The right choice depends much more on the types of workloads at hand. [TLDR; Making the Right Choice about multiprocessing vs multithreading vs asyncio](https://stackoverflow.com/a/52498068) shares a concise summary -- while it's Python focused, general principles apply to Scala's and other runtimes as well.

```suggestion
When applicable for your environment, you may want to consider to replace `scalaj.http` with async calls like `akka.http` or `AsyncHttpClient`.
```

> You may also want to explore if connection pooling is useful in your environment, and if JDBC calls leveraging the PostgreSQL wire protocol are more convenient for your particular case.

Reviewer: Just more suggestions again. Feel free to converge them into a better wording, if you like them.

```suggestion
You may also want to explore if connection pooling is useful in your environment,
and if JDBC calls leveraging the PostgreSQL wire protocol are more convenient
for your particular case.

Saying this, note that this example uses [CrateDB's HTTP bulk operation] to ingest
data, which is currently the most efficient way to do it.

[CrateDB's HTTP bulk operation]: https://cratedb.com/docs/guide/performance/inserts/bulk.html
```

You can run this example with [sbt]:

.. code-block:: shell

>     sbt run

Reviewer: ### About Testing

Unfortunately, [Pueblo's universal test runner](https://github.com/pyveci/pueblo/tree/v0.0.9/pueblo/ngr) does not understand Scala-based projects yet.

We may be able to whip it into the GHA workflow recipe instead, but that is not a blocker for merging this patch.
